README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Cotswold’s Book & Movie Club</h1>

## A responsive book and movie club website for keen enthusiast visiting or living in the Cotswold’s.
***
## Code Institute – HTML/CSS/JavaScript -Interactive front end development milestone project 2.
***
## [View The Live Project Here](#) - No link yet!

## ![Text](#) - View on all devices - No link yet!

## UX user experience
***
## User stories
- ### First time user goals
    1. As a First Time User, I want to see information on the events and when the next event is on and where.
    2. As a First Time User, I want to navigate the website easily and interact with the content.
    3. As a First Time User, I want to easily navigate to make an enquiry.
    4. As a First Time User, I want to sign up to the newsletter.
    5. As a First Time User, I want to easily navigate to the movie search page.
    6. As a First Time User, I want to easily navigate to the book search page.
- ### Returning user goals
    1. As a Returning User, I want to see if all the upcoming book and movie events
    2. As a Returning User, I want to send a contact message.
    3. As a Returning User, I want to navigate to the club’s social media.
    4. As a Returning User, I want to see book of the month.
- ### Frequent user goals
    1. As a Frequent user, I want to easily search for a book.
    2. As a Frequent user, I want to easily sech for a movie.
    3. As a Frequent user, I want to see the current book and movie events.

## Design

### Design Introduction
- ### This website is designed for users who are interesting in joining the events of the book and movie club, they will also be able to search for books, movies and see where the events take place on Google maps. I want to make this website book and movie orientated using related images and bright colours in the navigation bar.
### Colour Scheme

- ### [Color Mind](http://colormind.io/) : Colormind has been used to aid the desision the colour sceme for the project.

- ### ![Text](#) - color scheme view No link yet!

### The main colours used in this website are:
1. 
2. 
3. 

### Typography:
- ### The fonts use throughout this website are:
1. Gentium Book Basic with a fall back of serif
### Imagery
- ###  Imagery is very important to give the user instant understating of what to expect to gain from this website. I have used book and move theatre inspiring images.
- ### The images have come from:
1. Main page Hero image [image website](#) [image link](#) No links yet
2. Book app image [image website](#) [image link](#) No links yet
3. Movie app image [image website](#) [image link](#) no links yet
### Wireframes

- ### Large screens

1. Home Page Wireframe ![text](documentation/wireframes/club-home-wf.png)

2. Book App Page Wireframe ![text](documentation/wireframes/club-book-wf.png)

3. Movie App Page Wireframe ![text](documentation/wireframes/club-movie-wf.png)

4. Contact Page Wireframe ![text](documentation/wireframes/club-contact-wf.png)

- ### Medium Screens click to view

1. Medium View Home Page Wireframe - [view](documentation/wireframes/medium-club-wf.png)
2. Medium Book App Page Wireframe - [view](documentation/wireframes/medium-club-book-wf.png) 
3. Medium Movie App Page Wireframe - [view](documentation/wireframes/medium-club-movie-wf.png) 
4. Medium contact Page wireframe - [view](documentation/wireframes/medium-club-contact-wf.png)

- ### Small Screens click to view
1. Small Home Page Wireframe - [view](documentation/wireframes/club-small-home-wf.png) 
2. Small Book App Page Wireframe - [view](documentation/wireframes/club-small-book-wf.png)
3. Small Movie App Page Wireframe - [view](documentation/wireframes/club-small-movie-wf.png)
4. Small Contact Page Wireframe - [view](documentation/wireframes/club-small-contact-wf.png)
## Features
-   ### Responsive on all devices - [view](#) NO LINKS YET!!!
-  ### Interactive elements.
- images of all interactive elements
## Technologies Used
### Languages Used
-   [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)
-   [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets)
-   [JavaScript](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript)
### Frameworks libraries and programming interface
1. [Bootstrap 4.4.1:](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.4/getting-started/introduction/)
    - Bootstrap was used to assist with the responsiveness and styling of the website.
1. [Google Fonts:](https://fonts.google.com/)
    - Google fonts were used to import the 'Lato', 'Poppins' and 'Pacifico' fonts into the style.css file which is used on all pages throughout the project.
1. [Font Awesome:](https://fontawesome.com/)
    - Font Awesome was used on all pages throughout the website to add icons for aesthetic and UX purposes.
1. [jQuery:](https://jquery.com/)
    - jQuery came with Bootstrap to make the navbar responsive but was also used for the smooth scroll function in JavaScript.
1. [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
    - Git was used for version control by utilizing the Gitpod terminal to commit to Git and Push to GitHub.
1. [GitHub:](https://github.com/)
    - GitHub is used to store the projects code after being pushed from Git.
1. [Balsamiq:](https://balsamiq.com/)
    - Balsamiq was used to create the [wireframes](#)  (NO LINK!!!!!) during the design process.
1. [Hover.css:](http://ianlunn.github.io/Hover/)
    - Hover.css is used for the hover effects on the navgation buttons.
1. [Am I Responsive Design:](http://ami.responsivedesign.is/)
    - Am I Responsive Design was used for the responsive image in Readme.
1. ANY MORE !!!?
## Testing
- Validater results
- JS Hint
- Ligthhouse
## Bugs Fixed
- 
## Known bugs
-  
## Testing User Stories from User Experience (UX) Section
-
-
-
## API Application Programming Interfaces used:
- 
## GitHub Projects
- 
## Credits
- 
## Tutorials used
- 
## Acknowledgments
-

Commit message:

docs: Add hero apple on book image links in readme

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Cotswold’s Book & Movie Club</h1>

## A responsive book and movie club website for keen enthusiast visiting or living in the Cotswold’s.
***
## Code Institute – HTML/CSS/JavaScript -Interactive front end development milestone project 2.
***
## [View The Live Project Here](#) - No link yet!

## ![Text](#) - View on all devices - No link yet!

## UX user experience
***
## User stories
- ### First time user goals
    1. As a First Time User, I want to see information on the events and when the next event is on and where.
    2. As a First Time User, I want to navigate the website easily and interact with the content.
    3. As a First Time User, I want to easily navigate to make an enquiry.
    4. As a First Time User, I want to sign up to the newsletter.
    5. As a First Time User, I want to easily navigate to the movie search page.
    6. As a First Time User, I want to easily navigate to the book search page.
- ### Returning user goals
    1. As a Returning User, I want to see if all the upcoming book and movie events
    2. As a Returning User, I want to send a contact message.
    3. As a Returning User, I want to navigate to the club’s social media.
    4. As a Returning User, I want to see book of the month.
- ### Frequent user goals
    1. As a Frequent user, I want to easily search for a book.
    2. As a Frequent user, I want to easily sech for a movie.
    3. As a Frequent user, I want to see the current book and movie events.

## Design

### Design Introduction
- ### This website is designed for users who are interesting in joining the events of the book and movie club, they will also be able to search for books, movies and see where the events take place on Google maps. I want to make this website book and movie orientated using related images and bright colours in the navigation bar.
### Colour Scheme

- ### [Color Mind](http://colormind.io/) : Colormind has been used to aid the desision the colour sceme for the project.

- ### ![Text](#) - color scheme view No link yet!

### The main colours used in this website are:
1. 
2. 
3. 

### Typography:
- ### The fonts use throughout this website are:
1. Gentium Book Basic with a fall back of serif
### Imagery
- ###  Imagery is very important to give the user instant understating of what to expect to gain from this website. I have used book and move theatre inspiring images.
- ### The images have come from:
1. Main page Hero image of a [green apple on a book](/assets/images/book-apple-image.png) from [https://www.stockvault.net/](https://www.stockvault.net/photo/128129/book-and-apple) 
2. Book app image [image website](#) [image link](#) No links yet
3. Movie app image [image website](#) [image link](#) no links yet
### Wireframes

- ### Large screens

1. Home Page Wireframe ![text](documentation/wireframes/club-home-wf.png)

2. Book App Page Wireframe ![text](documentation/wireframes/club-book-wf.png)

3. Movie App Page Wireframe ![text](documentation/wireframes/club-movie-wf.png)

4. Contact Page Wireframe ![text](documentation/wireframes/club-contact-wf.png)

- ### Medium Screens click to view

1. Medium View Home Page Wireframe - [view](documentation/wireframes/medium-club-wf.png)
2. Medium Book App Page Wireframe - [view](documentation/wireframes/medium-club-book-wf.png) 
3. Medium Movie App Page Wireframe - [view](documentation/wireframes/medium-club-movie-wf.png) 
4. Medium contact Page wireframe - [view](documentation/wireframes/medium-club-contact-wf.png)

- ### Small Screens click to view
1. Small Home Page Wireframe - [view](documentation/wireframes/club-small-home-wf.png) 
2. Small Book App Page Wireframe - [view](documentation/wireframes/club-small-book-wf.png)
3. Small Movie App Page Wireframe - [view](documentation/wireframes/club-small-movie-wf.png)
4. Small Contact Page Wireframe - [view](documentation/wireframes/club-small-contact-wf.png)
## Features
-   ### Responsive on all devices - [view](#) NO LINKS YET!!!
-  ### Interactive elements.
- images of all interactive elements
## Technologies Used
### Languages Used
-   [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)
-   [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets)
-   [JavaScript](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript)
### Frameworks libraries and programming interface
1. [Bootstrap 4.4.1:](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.4/getting-started/introduction/)
    - Bootstrap was used to assist with the responsiveness and styling of the website.
1. [Google Fonts:](https://fonts.google.com/)
    - Google fonts were used to import the 'Lato', 'Poppins' and 'Pacifico' fonts into the style.css file which is used on all pages throughout the project.
1. [Font Awesome:](https://fontawesome.com/)
    - Font Awesome was used on all pages throughout the website to add icons for aesthetic and UX purposes.
1. [jQuery:](https://jquery.com/)
    - jQuery came with Bootstrap to make the navbar responsive but was also used for the smooth scroll function in JavaScript.
1. [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
    - Git was used for version control by utilizing the Gitpod terminal to commit to Git and Push to GitHub.
1. [GitHub:](https://github.com/)
    - GitHub is used to store the projects code after being pushed from Git.
1. [Balsamiq:](https://balsamiq.com/)
    - Balsamiq was used to create the [wireframes](#)  (NO LINK!!!!!) during the design process.
1. [Hover.css:](http://ianlunn.github.io/Hover/)
    - Hover.css is used for the hover effects on the navgation buttons.
1. [Am I Responsive Design:](http://ami.responsivedesign.is/)
    - Am I Responsive Design was used for the responsive image in Readme.
1. ANY MORE !!!?
## Testing
- Validater results
- JS Hint
- Ligthhouse
## Bugs Fixed
- 
## Known bugs
-  
## Testing User Stories from User Experience (UX) Section
-
-
-
## API Application Programming Interfaces used:
- 
## GitHub Projects
-
## Changes made after UX, Design and Wireframes 
- 
## Credits
- 
## Tutorials used
- 
## Acknowledgments
-
